[Icons] Search text filter on top of icon's list documentation (#9675)
elastic/eui: packages/docusaurus-theme/changelogs/upcoming/9675.md

- Updated `icon_map.ts` to centralise all available icons in a single file, with optional metadata like synonyms and categories alongside each icon reference.

**Accessibility**

-  Adding synonyms to each icon improves discoverability and search experience when looking for specific icons.

**Deprecations**

> - Deprecated redundant static icon type files: `icon_types.ts`, `icon_types_apps.ts`, `icon_types_logos.ts`, `icon_types_ml.ts`, `icon_types_tokens.ts`.

Reviewer: I would say they were removed instead:

```suggestion
- Updated `icon_map.ts` to centralise all available icons in a single file, with optional metadata like synonyms and categories alongside each icon reference.
- Removed redundant static icon type files: `icon_types.ts`, `icon_types_apps.ts`, `icon_types_logos.ts`, `icon_types_ml.ts`, `icon_types_tokens.ts`.

**Accessibility**

- Adding synonyms to each icon improves discoverability and search experience when looking for specific icons.
```
